mention that exponential cone also works in docs (#250)
jump-dev/DiffOpt.jl: docs/src/index.md

This package has two major backends, available via the `reverse_differentiate!` and `forward_differentiate!` methods, to differentiate models (quadratic or conic) with optimal solutions.

!!! note

>     Currently supports *linear programs* (LP), *convex quadratic programs* (QP) and *convex conic programs* (SDP, SOCP, exponential cone constraints only). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently supports convex quadratic conic programs (convex quadratic objective, conic constraints).  The cone needs to have `MathOptSetDistances.projection_gradient_on_set` and `MathOptSetDistances.projection_on_set` implemented.
```

Even broader
